1.  What’s stdint.h?

Ans) It is a header file which allows user to use exact width int with the help of typedef.The width is the number of bits used to store it's value in a binary 
     system.For example - int8_t, int16_t etc.

2.  What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?

Ans) uint8_t means integer having width of 1 8 bits which is used for BYTE in program as per program requirement.And it is a definition of unsigned integer and
     same is the case with uint_32  and uint16_t except it has a width of 32 and 16 bits respectively.
     Where int32_t is a signed integer having width of 32 bits.
     
3.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?

Ans) BYTE -  1 byte
     DWORD - 2 byte
     LONG -  4 byte
     WORD -  2 byte
     
4.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? 
    Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers."
    
Ans) Magic numbers for BMP file is 0x4D42 in hexadecimal or BM in ASCII.

5.  What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?

Ans) bfsize is used to store file size in bytes and bisize is used to store size of BITMAPINFOHEADER structure in bytes.

6.  What does it mean if biHeight is negative?

Ans) It means that the BitMap is top down having origin at top left corner.

7.  What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?

Ans) biBitCount

8.  Why might fopen return NULL in lines 24 and 32 of copy.c?

Ans) This happens when it cannon find the file.

9.  Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?

Ans) It is 1 because it represents how many elements we want to read and we are always reading a struct element at a time.

10. What value does line 65 of copy.c assign to padding if bi.biWidth is 3?
 
Ans) 3. As explained in example.

11. What does fseek do?

Ans) Take scope to a particular location.

12. What is SEEK_CUR?

Ans) It skips if there is any padding.
